what's up my lady loves I got a new
style of battling here and let's just
get on her way this is a no you battle
and I weed off with my Benton and he
leads off with the jolteon I'm not gonna
take crap from these things anymore
because I know about him now so a
dynamic punch that thing gets confused
and then go for a bullet punch because
he had the sash it would have one hit KO
but whatever he got to do some damage on
my vinton good job so now he goes up
with dusclops and i switch out knowing i
can't do anything to that thing because
it is a defensive monster but i thought
my goggles would you know I thought it
could at least do something but it
barely did anything to this guy I mean
he just kind of rekted like nightshade
on this thing I don't know it's just a
good defensive pokemon on his team
anyway so yeah now he switches out to
his excadrill and it actually does a lot
more outrage did a lot more than I
expected on this thing I don't know why
he switched out it just took unnecessary
damage to be honest he could have stayed
in with his other Pokemon took this
thing out and would have been fine in
his executor would have been
but whatever now I'm gonna go home with
not emo here he sends out with his he
sends out a teat are I guess expecting
to outspeed me but a lot of people don't
expect my Gliscor really really fast I
mean it's really fast so I'm able to
take that thing out with ease and now he
goes into his dusclops and I was like
okay don't really want to switch so i'll
just see how much yeah i'll see how much
is Stone Edge does that thing and it did
nothing so I was like dang it okay got
me down a little bit and I was just like
okay go for the ruse because I don't
want to be a at half health after he
hits me so you know I'd saved me
actually for later in the battle but
whatever so here here I use my skills I
was like okay gonna go for a heat wave
at first just see how much she wanted to
do I didn't want to use a thunderbolt
because I want to see what he's gonna do
so i use a heat wave expecting him maybe
to switch into a different pokemon
whatever but yeah he uses toxic and I
guess he expects me to use heat wave
again here and I was like Shalala gotta
use that Thunderbolt now and yeah I just
love that little mood that I did I have
done that to a couple people they'll
switch out to their Pokemon expecting me
to use heat wave again and I end up
using that t-bolt and yeah so now he
goes in with excadrill and I thought he
would just stay in with Vetta that he
trained since it was are already dead
it's paralyzed and it's just you know
whatever but now he switches out to his
execute drill I'm predicting my Thunder
goal and now he goes from rockslide does
like twenty-seven percent and I just go
for a sword stance here and I flinch I
flinch yeah so he kills me if I wouldn't
flinch there I would have been able to
take that thing out and would have just
wrecked his team but no okay so now he's
gonna go for a swords dance and I'm just
gonna body slam that thing and I guess
he thinks he can do enough now with one
sort stands to kill me but little does
he know I do have some events in the v's
and I'm able to take that thing out so
there we go and now he's gonna go back
in with his he trained and I'm just
gonna you know try to I'm gonna try to
kill the sing off with my America but it
doesn't do anything and he does use
thunder flamethrower so now that I know
is a Pokemon his special attacking I'm
like okay I'll just stay in I mean as
you know special attacking me train it's
not gonna do that much for my American
no ok so I actually I keep on leaving in
whirlpool and i keep on forgetting to
get rid of it but yeah it's a mistake on
my part I didn't want world
whatever so now he goes for earth power
finally you get to crit do it I don't
think it would have killed me but
doesn't matter now I'm gonna go on with
my last pokemon vinton he's got three
pokemon left at this point and he knew i
was going to go for the dynamic punch I
should have went for a bullet punch to
at least get a little bit of damage off
on that e train but it doesn't really
matter that thing's pretty much useless
now so he goes for toxic and I have a
lum berry so I get a cure that haha
that's why I had the long very so I'm
bullet punch again and I get to take out
that dusclops now his last pokemon that
we haven't seen his umbreon and he's
still got that he trend lab but I mean
his pokemon that can do anything is his
hungry honey I guess he's trying to
stall me out right here I don't know he
does have sandstorm up but I mean it
wasn't gonna kill me anyway he goes for
wish I don't know if he thought he was
gonna live either way without the crit
you know he would have died that because
my attack is nearly over
so just another dynamic punch there and
that's good game if you like watch my
battles like this or pokemon online
battles like this tell me and I'll do
more of them and that you actually want
to battle need you can leave a comment
below or you can pee and you can do
whatever and I'll try to set up a time
with you and if I don't pay me back I
must not be online so don't get angry
with me so yeah be sure to LIKE the
video and be sure to comment whatever
telling me if you want me to do more of
these because i really love pokemon
online and i enjoy playing it so anyway
guys I'll see you in the next pokemon
online battle